Understanding announcements and instructions

C2_No descriptors available; see C1

C1_Cextract specific information from poor quality, [audibly and/or visually] distorted public 
announcements, e.g. in a station or sports stadium, or on an old recording.
Can understand complex technical information, such as operating instructions or specifications for familiar 
products and services.

B2_Can understand announcements and messages on concrete and abstract topics delivered in standard 
language or a familiar variety at normal speed.
Can understand detailed instructions well enough to be able to follow them successfully.

B1_Can understand simple technical information, such as operating instructions for everyday equipment.
Can follow detailed directions.
Can understand public announcements at airports, stations and on planes, buses and trains, provided 
these are clearly articulated with minimum interference from [auditory/visual] background noise.

A2_Can understand and follow a series of instructions for familiar everyday activities such as sports, cooking, 
etc., provided they are delivered slowly and clearly.
Can understand straightforward announcements (e.g. of a cinema programme or sports event, that a train 
has been delayed), provided the delivery is slow and clear.
Can catch the main point in short, clear, simple messages and announcements.
Can understand simple directions on how to get from X to Y, by foot or public transport.
Can understand basic instructions on times, dates and numbers, etc., and on routine tasks and assignments 
to be carried out.

A1_Can understand instructions addressed carefully and slowly to them and follow short, simple directions.
Can understand when someone tells them slowly and clearly where something is, provided the object is in 
the immediate environment.
Can understand figures, prices and times given slowly and clearly in an announcement by loudspeaker, e.g. 
at a railway station or in a shop.

Pre-A1_Can understand short, simple instructions for actions such as “Stop”, “Close the door”, etc., provided they are 
delivered slowly face-to-face, accompanied by pictures or manual gestures and repeated if necessary.