Understanding audio (or signed) media and recordings

C2_No descriptors available; see C1

C1_Can understand a wide range of recorded and broadcast material, including some non-standard usage, 
and identify finer points of detail including implicit attitudes and relationships between people.

B2_Can understand recordings in the standard form of the language likely to be encountered in social, 
professional or academic life and identify viewpoints and attitudes as well as the information content.
Can understand most documentaries and most other recorded or broadcast material delivered in the 
standard form of the language and can identify mood, attitude, etc.

B1_Can understand the information content of the majority of recorded or broadcast material on topics of 
personal interest delivered in clear standard language.
Can understand the main points of news bulletins and simpler recorded material about familiar subjects 
delivered relatively slowly and clearly.
Can understand the main points and important details in stories and other narratives (e.g. a description of 
a holiday), provided the delivery is slow and clear.

A2_Can understand the most important information contained in short commercials concerning goods and 
services of interest (e.g. CDs, video games, travel).
Can understand in an interview what people say they do in their free time, what they particularly like doing 
and what they do not like doing, provided they speak slowly and clearly.
Can understand and extract the essential information from short, recorded passages dealing with 
predictable everyday matters which are delivered slowly and clearly.
Can extract important information from short broadcasts (e.g. the weather forecast, concert 
announcements, sports results), provided people talk clearly.
Can understand the important points of a story and manage to follow the plot, provided the story is told 
slowly and clearly.

A1_Can pick out concrete information (e.g. places and times) from short recordings on familiar everyday topics, 
provided they are delivered very slowly and clearly.

Pre-A1_Can recognise words/signs, names and numbers that they already know in simple, short recordings, 
provided these are delivered very slowly and clearly.